= Callsite

Caller/backtrace parser with some useful utilities for manipulating the load path, and doing other relative things.

== Usage

The primary thing you can do is parse a caller line(s).

  pp Callsite.parse(caller)
  
Gives back
  
  => [#<struct Callsite::Line
    filename="/opt/local/lib/ruby/1.8/irb/workspace.rb",
    line=52,
    method="irb_binding">,
   #<struct Callsite::Line filename="", line=0, method=nil>]

This is also suitable for parsing a backtrace, to get detailed information about it.

There are also five methods which patch existing objects to give you powerful usage of the caller.

=== Callsite.activate_string_methods

This gives you the ~@ method on +String+, which takes any string, and gives you a relative version of it, treating it as a file path. For example,

  ~'lib/callsite.rb'
  
Gives you (on my laptop)

  => "/Users/joshua/Development/callsite/lib/callsite.rb"

=== Callsite.activate_file_methods

This adds the +File.relative+ method. File.relative(file_path) has the same effect as ~file_path.

=== Callsite.activate_module_methods

This adds +autoload_relative+ onto Module. This allows you to do the following.

  module MyModule
    autoload_relative :Whatever, "lib/whatever"
  end
  
In this case, lib/whatever will be treated as a relative path from the definition of the module.

=== Callsite.activate_kernel_dir_methods

This adds the <tt>\__DIR_REL__</tt> and optionally <tt>\__DIR__</tt> and require_relative methods to Kernel. <tt>\__DIR__</tt> or <tt>\__DIR_REL__</tt> will give you your current directory, much like
<tt>\__FILE__</tt> gives you the current <tt>\__FILE__</tt> you're in. +require_relative+ is like +require+ .. only, it's relative.

=== Callsite.activate_kernel_require_methods

This adds a couple of weird methods to Kernel, require_next and require_all. There search your current $LOAD_PATH, and require the next file (ingoring the current one you're in on the load_path) or require all files of a given name.

=== Callsite.activate_load_path_methods

This adds some super useful methods to $LOAD_PATH. There are find_file (finds a single file on your load path), find_all_files (finds all of em), add_current (adds to the end of the load path your current dir) and add_current! (adds it to the beginning).

== I lied

I said there were 5, I meant 6. There are 5 lights.

== This deprecates +dirge+ and +load_path_find+

Once you have this installed, you can use require 'dirge' and require 'load_path_find' to get exactly the functionality you had before.